refactor(skills): replace arch-diagram-builder agent with reusable architecture-diagrams skill (#2068)
microsoft/hve-core: .github/agents/project-planning/prd-builder.agent.md

If the PRD surfaced significant architectural decisions worth preserving — for example, tech-stack choices, build-vs-buy calls, system-boundary or integration patterns — you may want to capture them as ADRs. The `@adr-creation` agent can guide you through it; the PRD makes useful context.

> When the PRD benefits from an architecture or network diagram, use the architecture-diagrams skill: read `.github/skills/hve-core/architecture-diagrams/SKILL.md` with `read_file` and follow its authoring contract, choosing ASCII or Mermaid output for the diagram. That skill is the authoritative source for its own conventions and output format.

Reviewer: **[portability] Skill referenced by hardcoded `.github/skills/...` path**

The repo-root path `.github/skills/hve-core/architecture-diagrams/SKILL.md` does not exist in plugin/extension distributions (skills resolve under `skills/...`), so this `read_file` fails outside the source repo. Invoke by skill name + relative file name instead, per [Use Agent Skills in VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/agent-customization/agent-skills#_how-copilot-uses-skills) and our `prompt-builder.instructions.md`.

```suggestion
When the PRD benefits from an architecture or network diagram, use the `architecture-diagrams` skill: load its `SKILL.md` and follow its authoring contract, choosing ASCII or Mermaid output for the diagram. That skill is the authoritative source for its own conventions and output format.
```

Author: Done. Now references the `architecture-diagrams` skill by name and loads its `SKILL.md`, with the format chosen from `state.userPreferences.diagramFormat`.
